Adds doc notes for supporting GHES and self-hosted runners (#5)
actions/importer-issue-ops: Readme.md

- Custom transformers for Jenkins pipelines [exercise](https://github.com/actions/importer-labs/blob/main/jenkins/5-custom-transformers.md)
- Custom transformers for Travis CI pipelines [exercise](https://github.com/actions/importer-labs/blob/main/travis/5-custom-transformers.md)

> ## GitHub Enterprise Server and Self-Hosted Runner Support
> 
> This template can be used with GitHub Enterprise Server deployments or with Self-Hosted runners with additional considerations.
> 
> 1. See `Using self-hosted runners` details for action [ruby/setup-ruby](https://github.com/ruby/setup-ruby) to verify supported runner OS types and configuration prerequisites.
> 2. Labels for `runs-on:` for [workflow files](.github/workflows/) must be updated to match an available label for Self-Hosted Runners
> 3. For GitHub Enterprise Server deployments, this repository should be published and [converted to a template repository](https://docs.github.com/en/enterprise-server/repositories/creating-and-managing-repositories/creating-a-template-repository).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Configuring IssueOps with GitHub Enterprise Server and self-hosted runners

This template can be configured to be used with GitHub Enterprise Server deployments and self-hosted runners by:

1. Updating the [ruby/setup-ruby](https://github.com/ruby/setup-ruby) actions in [issue_ops.yml](./.github/workflows/issue_ops.yml) and [ci.yml](./.github/workflows/ci.yml) to ensure the action runs on the correct OS type.
2. Updating the `runs-on:` statements in [ruby/setup-ruby](https://github.com/ruby/setup-ruby) actions in [issue_ops.yml](./.github/workflows/issue_ops.yml) to dictate the appropriate label(s) for your self-hosted runner.
3. For GitHub Enterprise Server deployments, this repository should be published and [converted to a template repository](https://docs.github.com/en/enterprise-server/repositories/creating-and-managing-repositories/creating-a-template-repository) in your GHES deployment.
```
